neither snow nor rain nor heat of a
friendly check again can stay this
courier from the Swift completion of his
appointed round one of the toughest
tests a car can be given is to cover a
rural mail route through the changing
temperatures of a Vermont wedding where
the thermometers sometimes dropped to 38
below zero but under all kinds of
conditions this 61 Valiant delivers the
mail and delivers that goods this is
real winter weather and this variant has
been helping the snow with temperatures
below zero all night long but the only
time we lost getting started was
cleaning the snow from the windshield
the mail is delivered on time mailbox
after mailbox day after day as this
rugged 61 valiant with its welded
one-piece unibody proves its strength
solidity and durability
well valiant seven coats of rust
resistors ward off rust and corrosion
and whatever winter driving you do
valiant has what it takes when rain
turns snow to slush when torsion air
suspension seems to make ruts disappear
when valiance economy engine saves money
mile after mile and valiance new
alternator continues delivering current
even with the engine idling valiant
looks and rides like twice the price